DONE:
	- Please add a "minus" button to the bottom of the agent goals view

DONE:
	- Is there a way to fix the "fwd" checkbox I added to the ItemEditor?
	  I got it to work, but it looks terrible.

DONE:
	1. I need a context menu. I think I know how to construct the menu items programmatically..

DONE:
	2. In the agent goals outline view, when I disable a behavior with the checkbox,
	I need to gray-out all of its children such that they can't be edited by the user.

DONE:
	3. I'd like for keyboard input to be passed to my SKScene by default. As it is now,
	I have to click the gameScene with the mouse to direct keyboard input to it

DONE:
	- I need File-> open & save connected. I will do the file processing, of course, but as I told you before,
	I was totally defeated by menus. I need you to put the menus there and tell them to notify me.

DONE:
	- I'd like to have a preferences dialog. Maybe with just some radio buttons on it for now. And I'd like
	the app to remember those preferences. I know some apps do it automatically, without the user telling them to.
	Do you know how this kind of thing is done?

DONE: (Configuration.swift)
	- On a similar note, I'd like to have some way of saving some state and reloading it on future runs.

- I need a general-purpose menu, call it "Actions", with any sort of items in it. This is so I can add
features, until my shame becomes too great and I must hire you again to do it the proper way.

To the diagrams:

Goalkeeper
----------

The first diagram, titled, "Goalkeeper (AgentFlocks)" shows the layout of the page. I've given names to
each of the boxes on the page, each of which is shown in detail in subsequent diagrams.

Agent Goals [DONE]
-----------

I've added a "Weight" field, with a popout slider next to each one. I said "popout slider" in the
diagram, that's not what I meant. I meant like the editors we're already using for setting goal
and behavior attributes. But these will just have that one attribute, the weight.

I need a change in the way the item editors work. For some of the goals, the workflow is as follows:

- user clicks the add button at the bottom of the AgentGoalsView, get the popup menu
- user selects, for example, "To follow". For this particular goal, the dialog should
first appear with the "Apply" button disabled, and the user will click on the
agent he wants the selected agent to follow.

Similarly, if the user chooses to add "To cohere", then he can select any number of other agents
to cohere with before clicking "Apply".

I mention this because the attribute editor dialogs auto-dismiss when I click anywhere outside
their boundaries. I need them to persist while the user clicks around in the gameScene. I suppose this
also means that we'll need a "cancel" button on those views. Or maybe an "x" in the corner?

Agent Attributes [DONE]
----------------

This one is similar to the current incarnation. It will use the new sliders, all set to the same width. In the
"Defaults" column are output text fields that I can write values to. The "Make Default" and "Apply
Defaults" are push buttons, the kind that go dark while the mouse is down, then back to normal on mouse up.

Placement Panel [DONE]
---------------

The "verb" set of radio buttons, and the separate set of "noun" radio buttons. For some combinations of
these settings, an image should appear in a frame next to them. I want to produce this image dynamically.
At the moment, I don't know the necessary details. Presumably I can just pass an NSImage to you, but I
will need to research how to produce an NSImage from my data. Until I learn how to do that, is there some
kind of placeholder you could put there?

Also, I've just realized that the "verb" radio button list set needs an "off" setting. I didn't draw that in the diagrams.

Control Panel [DONE]
-------------

There will be checkboxes here, for showing and hiding the "paths library"-style lists. Also, if
you can fit in any more checkboxes, another six that I might use for general purposes would be helpful.

I forgot to put it into the diagram, but I need a "Recall agents" button in this area. It would be
nice to have a button that goes dark while the mouse is down, then goes normal on mouse up?
Is that a pain to implement?

Play/pause/slider [DONE]
-----------------

This needs only the new slider to replace the old one.

Paths Library [DONE]
-------------

This is a special one. I need six of these things, that I can instantiate separately and connect to six
different data sources. I need to make them appear and disappear on demand, in some orderly fashion on
the right side of the screen. For this one in particular, I would like to dynamically draw the images
for those line items. For the other instantiations, I would like to show a colored square, or in some
cases, plain text.

------------------------------------

In case it helps you at all, here's the workflow I envision, after having
used it for a while.

To place items of any kind, the user should select "place", then select
the kind of item he wants -- agent, path, or obstacle -- then select an
image from a list. With those selections in place, he can click
arbitrarily in the gameScene area. On each click, a copy of the selected agent
will be created.

Agents can't be drawn. When draw is selected, only paths and obstacles are enabled. The
user draws, then the path/obstacle is stored
in a catalog that is displayed in one of the "paths library"-style scrollers. I'd also like
to save much of this information to persistent storage, either as part of the app state, or
perhaps as a certain kind of setup file that the user can save and load on demand.

In edit mode the user will be interacting with the live objects in the gameScene, using the
various editing panels

One final note. From this experience, I have learned immensely about the culture of Swift
and UI programming in ways that I never have been able to before. You would be doing me a
huge favor if you would work on my
existing codebase on github. I think I could learn a lot from you -- if you don't mind having a
curious nerd watch all your commits and ask questions about design, style, resources, etc.
I hope it's not inappropriate for me to suggest it. If it is, I hope I haven't caused any offense.

